Allow using @Priority within stereotypes. (#524)
eclipse-ee4j/cdi: spec/src/main/asciidoc/core/definition.asciidoc

public @interface Mock {}
----

[[priority_stereotype]]

===== Declaring stereotype with `@Priority`

> A stereotype may declare a `@Priority` annotation which functions as a means of enabling and ordering affected alternatives, interceptors and decorators.

Reviewer: Decorators are Full-only, but it probably doesn't make sense to move that single thing out of Lite. Maybe just something like

> affected alternatives, interceptors, and decorators (in {cdi_full})

Note I added an Oxford comma :-) I don't think the spec uses it consistently, but in this case, it makes it visually more clear that "in CDI Full" only applies to decorators.

> If there are two different stereotypes declared by the bean that declare different priority values, then there is no default priority and the bean must explicitly declare a `@Priority` annotation. If it does not explicitly declare priority, the container automatically detects the problem and treats it as a definition error.

Reviewer: Avoid passive if possible? :-)

```suggestion
If a bean declares two different stereotypes that declare different priority values, the bean must explicitly declare a `@Priority` annotation. If the bean does not explicitly declare priority, the container automatically detects the problem and treats it as a definition error.
```

If a bean explicitly declares priority, any priority values declared by stereotypes are ignored.

Following sample shows a stereotype that can be used to mark bean as globally enabled alternative:

[source, java]
----
@Alternative
@Priority(Interceptor.Priority.APPLICATION + 5)
@Stereotype
@Target(TYPE)
@Retention(RUNTIME)

> public @interface TestReplacementStereotype {}

Reviewer: We could just call it `@Mock`, following on the example from previous section? Or `@TestDouble`, which is essentially the same thing (or a more general term covering mocks, stubs, spies, fakes and I don't know what).
